Two very different tickets sound identical.
p02
It keeps logging me out.
p03
My screen froze.
p04
Most of the time, the first one is the idle timeout doing exactly what it's set to do.
p05
So before you open a single setting, decide which of the two you're actually chasing.
p06
Here's the warning itself.
p07
After a stretch of no activity, a dialog counts down from two minutes,
p08
and a matching toast slides into the corner.
p09
One click keeps them in.
p10
So does a nudge of the mouse.
p11
Walk away and let it reach zero, and that's not a fault.
p12
It's the platform closing an idle station on purpose.
p13
Now the first real check.
p14
Open System Users and search for the person by name or code.
p15
The column you want is their user level.
p16
It's a single word, but it decides everything on the next page.
p17
Don't scroll the list hunting for them.
p18
Search.
p19
One caution before you trust a blank screen.
p20
If the list won't load and you see a note about the connection to the agent service,
p21
the rows aren't missing.
p22
The data just didn't arrive.
p23
And if that's what your caller is staring at instead of a logout, it's a different problem:
p24
the data service, not the timeout.
p25
Second check, second page.
p26
User Levels lives under Automation, not with the other user pages, which trips people up.
p27
Once you're there, one column answers the whole ticket: session timeout, in minutes.
p28
That's how long a level can sit idle before the countdown starts.
p29
Read that number against the level you found.
p30
They run from five minutes up to a hundred and twenty.
p31
Cashiers and the other short-timeout roles sit at five,
p32
so a cashier who steps away for five minutes gets the warning, then the logout.
p33
Nothing is broken.
p34
Someone set it that way on purpose.
p35
If the timing matches that number, you're done.
p36
Tell them it's a setting for their role, not a glitch, and show them the fix:
p37
move the mouse, press a key, or click Stay Logged In.
p38
If the role truly needs longer, an admin can raise it in production.
p39
One warning.
p40
Don't tap Log Out Now to clear the box.
p41
That ends the session for real.
p42
Now the cases that are real.
p43
Logged out well before the level allows, or frozen with no warning at all.
p44
First, rule out the simple thing:
p45
a session is tied to one device and one browser, so switching either signs you out by design.
p46
If it still doesn't add up, capture the level, its set timeout, and the time it really took,
p47
and send that to support with the username, never a password.
p48
The trigger point for the demo login is still parked,
p49
so measure it before you promise a number.